Haryanvi dialogue: आपका नाम क्या है? मेरा नाम सुषमा है, आप कितने वर्ष की है? मैं पिचहत्तर साल की हूँ, आपका पसंदीदा खाना क्या हैं? मेरा पसंदीदा खाना दाल रोटी है।
English translation: How long after your marriage that baby is 2 daughters both are normal no 1 is younger than Caesar ok. 1 is normal 1 sesame, milk both of you well how long is the older one, 3 years is the younger one 6 months. Well, why would he leave on his own? Well, it's not that you didn't get it, it's that you never took pills, etc. to prevent the baby from conceiving. It wasn't that long. 1 black 24 hour good oh benefit is fine and not even coppery etc. Tubectomy has never been a childless operation at home. 1 On your own and at what age did you start the mental cycle, that is, at what age did the month begin to come, it was 14 years old, okay, the month is regular, not every now and then. 33 months is coming in 33 months, how long has this been happening now? It happened to you 4,434 times, 4 times, 5 times, well before that, it was regular, regular, now what time did you last come today, but it does not come as soon as it comes, just 1 day, color will not come clean. It comes in 1 day, it ends in 1 day, the last time it happened in 1 day, it used to take 8-10 days before that and it used to come a lot, no matter where you work, no matter how many members of the family are still living together, 44 earners, how much will their money be? Okay where have you been regular updates of what BPI sugar was nothing like that somebody in the house takes a great call something from tobacco ok Vestadionnechveddi ok and use it in food or butter etcetera. 2 Well, sometimes you'll feel like you've never had a pen in your breast. Just like the time used to be short, then there is nothing without a partner, no injury, etc. Fruit you eat daily. Okay, earlier it was taken by the bus that you come, that is, the festival with festival, how much sleep do you take every week, you also do not come to sleep, at what time do you go to bed, at what time do you go to bed, at what time do you go to school, at what time do you get up? It's not an exercise, let the magic go down in the morning. Well, if that's what they say, I get tired of the daily routine. That's how we speak. So much work is done on how much activity is there, giving time for yourself separately. They did too. I live in peace. Now go there is no time, think daily, yes I will go too. Ha, have you ever used cream powder, something, who are you still? Tell me, Bhai does the cream of the letters and the rest of it is peach milk, not powder, etc. Okay, she also applies lomilak wali koteli every day. Lotus Sometimes you get hurt, sometimes you don't. No surgery. Asta surgery operation was done, what was the baby washed away and I fell 1 time as a child, in Syria and nothing else. Okay now weight, you know some weight height what is seventy five weight your height idea is 5 ok. What was the problem you had just called for a routine checkup, since when have you been doing this for a routine checkup only? It's not like you have a hole in your chest, sir, for your own safety. What do you call sir, why do you call him, do he say come on show. Okay, I had a problem with you in 6 months because of which sir said no, no problem. Where were the guards on the money, you had the left guards. So where does he live? Well lived there, he was from the guard. It's the guard. I have had so many asses on 10th October, in November, in November, I have had itching, when it happened, I will give such a happy ass to me, Chennai-like ass sometimes happens. Then I said to my husband, "Nothing, it's a mess." So they don't come. Among us, the paediatrician told me that it would dissolve. From this, whether it is a boli or not, it will be like a bore, ber is so much bigger than this ok. Then I got a little confused, so I didn't even tell them. I have 1 friend I mean I am a nurse, he has a civil hospital, call him, I said let me know I am a doctor sitting there, so I showed him the freedom. So they got the test done, then what is in the test, symptoms in the test are good, then you did not get the treatment there. Okay, what has happened to you in Malus. All this has happened. I have had 3 years, 3 years of surgery, surgery, 2 years, 2 years, surgery, okay, and the chemorradation is yours. So now you come to follow. Okay. So there won't be any problem. It's such a heavy burden on you. In this, he said that I will stay there, this is a heavy rei. It will last until you exercise. So you don't have to do this hand-held activity exercise. I did all the work. But it seems to me that I have a little of it. There is no pain, sometimes there is a heavy fever. Like I'm tired. When I sit down, it becomes so heavy.
---End-of-record---
