English translation: how old was forty seven forty seven when you got married did you have st twenty three twenty three. How long after the wedding did you have the baby? The first was 7 years later. That. So the baby expired. Well, what I have is 11 years later, 11 years, seven plus four. Forest is consumption. The first child was born in his thirties. That delivery was complete. They were given after they had said yes. Having 2 children meant so much to you that they died soon after. Or after 24 hours. Ventilator is the amount of time you have fed even 1 child you have ever taken any oral pills, etc. You never copped. You have got sterilization done, the child has never been operated on, there is no malnutrition in the stomach, you have spoiled yourself, eat your tablets, something in your family, at home, even in your in-laws. There has been a disease like high sugar cancer. My grandfather had cancer and so did my uncle. Okay, and so is your father's cancer, not your grandfather's, uncle's, uncle's, and grandfather's. It's also interesting how long you've been eating high-protein, sugar, or thyroid-related diabetics. Has been a regular for 7 years and had a high BP, not a red one. Okay. You were started in the message, the towels were regular or never up and down. They still come. No. Now, when was UtreksiriMov or when did Two Thousand Twenty One Fifty One happen in April Twenty One because of what. Utrecht had severe abdominal pain. So we live in Aligarh. So that was what was shown. They were not able to make the diagnosis. Then what was shown in Medanta, what was shown in Medanta. So they diagnosed that you are having a very large fibroid. So that's what he tested. The surgery later revealed that she had first-stage cancer of the ovary, the inner site. Ok ORI has been removed. Your ovarian lymph was removed. Just now you studied till I did B.Sc., B.Sc. Anywhere, you are also working. No, I'm driving my crazy. Well now how many days does the family member cook in my husband and 1 daughter is the breadwinner out of 3. What would be the combined estimate of the two of us? Around 1 day. Well, nothing better than tobacco. Vegetarian What do you use oil butter to eat, eat mustard fruit deli, sometimes kebar, daily fast. etc. Sometimes since diabetes. Let him live at first, but not since he had diabetes. Ok neem how, how many hours do you sleep earning neem right now. In between, I didn't even think about surgery for 2 hours a day.
